---
layout: post
title: Kansas City Improv Festival 2106
---
It's been a long and tiring two weeks, but we're sad KCIF 2016 has ended.
With thirty-five troupes performing over six days we more than had our fill of wonderful and talented improv.
And that's not even counting the workshops and after-parties (karaoke!) we managed to cram into the time between shows.

Given the impossible challenge of using only a single sentence to condense our complicate feelings, we'd like to share a few of our reactions as we look back on the festival weeks.
We had such a fun time performing this year and cannot wait to return for next year's festival.
If you missed our show you can check it out below.
Enjoy!

> "Inspirational, educational, exhilarating, exhausting, awkward and complicated."
> - Casey

> "So much wonderful improv was crammed into my brain and so much time was spent with my favorite people I'm now going into post-festival depression." #noregrets
> - Luke

> "Enthusiastic and exhausting entertainment."
> - Mish

> "Wonderful, exhausting fun, watching all of the people I love doing improv and some new friends too."
> - Kelly

> "Inspiring and exhausting and loving and fear and happy and hangover (((I took liberties with 'use one sentence' (I apologize (this is part of my sentence still)))."
> - Jessica

> "If I could have an improv festival's baby, it'd be this one, and I'm naming it Colin."
> - Alice

> "Puff.
> Like, a good puff.
> A tired, exhausted, inspired, loved puff."
> - Gabi

<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/11fYxsXOwiw' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
<br/>
